Caitlin Killa you guys 04 kind of
tresses ish I've seen it just before it
black do you miss that cheats you to
book this is why he's not a jungler that
gag for about your first blood good my
son for where album but we're in the
jungle the mighty jungle the ting cos
steals your ball god did he miss me stop
stop stop what stop Savior that stops
today the buffer which one singing okay
let's met the ball Oh bah bah bah penis
support masters on my way look you noted
because his potions are turning into
biscuits what does he watch the tie oh
this I know
scoochie the other pests but since there
are cows killing anyone here the air
without killing anyone now watch see
mode I wait for it oh you're done for
who I wait that's call you back Nikki's
on rampage ok ok I'll green top with you
Sarah ok thank you wait why is my own
walk on tread seconds that's way longer
than them oh they see us I know fuck
in that jug T Bagga T healthy take meet
her wait wait wait wait I've got
somebody in that jug of the mighty
jungle batik aha Braves tonight Oh be
careful tivo tivo get my cue gets my cue
Oh in that jungle ah hows about seeing
our picture song ok I'm coming me let's
go fucker goes up don't cook oh shit
fuck out yeah let me get your late moon
there you are out of my naked get off of
them I'll beat you de de de téléphone
Tucker Tucker you go you are good to get
that got it i'm chillin you do something
so i'm gonna i'm if i end up that you
are thank you optex you Sarah
go the cavalry about the fuck everybody
yet idea yeah nice yeah but fuck
everybody oh I might have to die for
that shit cuz i can fuck y'all who
nobody see he stated visible some
goddamn where we stopped right oh my god
this dude's mother his mother his father
all of the i'll gather but y'all go meet
ya I don't know fucking sleep in which
all right dami oh IC walks and stuff Oh
found your ass fuck you come on back oh
fuck what why do you do that why how it
else for the game before you stole my
kill oh my god I'll put my cat walking
around setting for SIBO my rest of you
having fun I'm taking these shrooms next
I know oh shit Oh Tara fucking this up
ah Demi oh yeah oh that's a pop keep
down cute I papi please too so what the
fuck hey you should eat me bitch did you
see did you see I know you saw the hexa
man were you fighting speedily long-dead
go kill him here he got the bar so I'm
gonna steal it from him then go kill me
I I need to stay in my lane and not get
behind
y'all niggas go getting an ill LCS mind
said come on bitch come on try to get
some come on try to get some CS how'd
you fit an axe in your bag nice job
Daniel Fiddlesticks uh this is how
you're drunk she's my eggs how to tell
the buyers I'm a goddamn words Oh speedo
succeed oxy now I what edits you can see
Fiddlesticks is coming see without
control know what ya do this example
it's nikhil you say vision troll one
more motherfucking time michigan help ok
ok cheeky say all over to some shit
vision control vision
oh shit football my oh oh watch out go
to your done say sue I'm coming out ah
fuck kind of Hill honey got it we'll go
ahead and do oh I'm not abandoning money
yeah cuz welcome Foley Joanne's down you
know get off hook fuck your castle let's
go fuck your posse look I think another
thoughts safety they had no fees on so
GG wait right shuttle leave you to cum
ah fuck hey what are you complaining I
don't just want to weave I want to get
skills uh time before the game God just
no chilly there died some more I think
they're fish GU awful like I really
hated surrender done way I can justify
my existence it's fucking killing people
in this
they're my ticket i'ma get that you know